pages/resume/Dylan_Byars_Resume.md, before:

# Dylan Byars

[website](https://dylanbyars.com) · [GitHub](https://github.com/dylanbyars) · [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dylanbyars/) · [email](mailto:dylan@dylanbyars.com)

Software engineer with experience in the finance, education, and healthcare sectors.

## Skills

```
js/ts  React  node  AWS  serverless  PostgreSQL  git  zsh/bash  linux
```

## Work

**Senior Software Engineer** → Capital One (11/2019 - now)

- Served as Tech Lead of a project focused on collecting complex user data associated with Social Security benefits.
- Implemented an encryption key rotation service with AWS Lambda and AWS Systems Manager.
- Authored technical documentation and scripts to make daily work easier for all engineers on the team and improve the new developer onboarding experience.

---

**Software Engineer** → Learning Objects (08/2017 - 11/2019)

- Developed a web application used to compose and deliver educational content to students via an online learning environment.
- Wrote and maintained reliable automation tests allowing us to continuously push new features to users with less worry that we'd accidentally broken something.

---

**Javascript Developer** → MicroHealth LLC (03/2017 - 08/2017)

- Supported an application used by Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs officials to coordinate medical care for wounded soldiers.
- Created engaging, interactive features and redesigned existing UIs to improve the overall user experience and increase user productivity.

---

**Data Collection Engineer** → Leidos (10/2014 - 02/2015)

- Designed, constructed, and maintained web crawlers for a project called Digital Echo.
- Pioneered new techniques to improve the reusability of the code our team used throughout the project.

---

**Account Manager** → Carahsoft Technology (07/2015 - 03/2017)

- Introduced technology companies offering innovative cybersecurity solutions to the federal market place, coordinated targeted marketing campaigns, and managed contract negotiations between customers and vendors.
- Specialized in encryption technologies, database scanning and remediation tools, threat intelligence managers, and web application firewalls.

---

**Substitute Teacher** → Fairfax County Public Schools (12/2013 - 06/2014)

- Taught science and math classes for absent teachers.
- Developed rapport with students quickly to make lessons interesting.

---

**Manager + Cook + Host** → Xenia's (01/2011 - 03/2012)

- Opened the restaurant and prepared food for daily service.
- Helped organize employee schedules and generally maintain order around the restaurant.
- Diced approximately 8 billion tomatoes.

---

**Counselor + Medic** → Stone Mountain Adventures (06/2011 - 08/2011)

- Taught music workshops and sailing classes for campers.
- Led sessions with fellow counselors to demonstrate basic first aid techniques increasing the staff’s ability to manage minor medical traumas and boosting confidence levels.

---

**EMT** → Harrisonburg Rescue Squad (02/2010 - 03/2011)

- Rendered care to patients in distress as a crew member on the ambulance.
- Delivered informative and concise reports on patient conditions and treatments extended when handing patients off to hospital staff.

## Education

James Madison University → BA English

Commit message:

give each `Work` a `skills` section

pages/resume/Dylan_Byars_Resume.md, after:

# Dylan Byars

[website](https://dylanbyars.com) · [GitHub](https://github.com/dylanbyars) · [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dylanbyars/) · [email](mailto:dylan@dylanbyars.com)

Full stack software engineer with experience in the finance, education, and healthcare sectors.

## Work

**Senior Software Engineer** → Capital One (11/2019 - now)

```
React · TypeScript · AWS · serverless · node · PostgreSQL · Redux · zsh · XState · git
```

- Served as Tech Lead of a project focused on collecting complex user data associated with Social Security benefits using a custom built form library.
- Implemented an encryption key rotation service with AWS Lambda and AWS Systems Manager.
- Authored technical documentation and scripts to make daily work easier for all engineers on the team and improve the new developer onboarding experience.

---

**Software Engineer** → Learning Objects (08/2017 - 11/2019)

```
React · TypeScript · Angularjs · Scala · Redux · PostgreSQL · Bootstrap · selenide · git
```

- Developed a web application used to compose and deliver educational content to students via an online learning environment.
- Migrated the client side application from Angularjs to React
- Wrote and maintained reliable automation tests allowing us to continuously push new features to users with less worry that we'd accidentally broken something.

---

**JavaScript Developer** → MicroHealth LLC (03/2017 - 08/2017)

```
JavaScript · HTML · CSS · JSP
```

- Supported an application used by Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs officials to coordinate medical care for wounded soldiers.
- Created engaging, interactive features and redesigned existing UIs to improve the overall user experience and increase user productivity.

---

**Data Collection Engineer** → Leidos (10/2014 - 02/2015)

- Designed, constructed, and maintained web crawlers for a project called Digital Echo.
- Pioneered new techniques to improve the reusability of the code our team used throughout the project.

---

**Account Manager** → Carahsoft Technology (07/2015 - 03/2017)

- Introduced technology companies offering innovative cybersecurity solutions to the federal market place, coordinated targeted marketing campaigns, and managed contract negotiations between customers and vendors.
- Specialized in encryption technologies, database scanning and remediation tools, threat intelligence managers, and web application firewalls.

---

**Substitute Teacher** → Fairfax County Public Schools (12/2013 - 06/2014)

- Taught science and math classes for absent teachers.
- Developed rapport with students quickly to make lessons interesting.

---

**Manager + Cook + Host** → Xenia's (01/2011 - 03/2012)

- Opened the restaurant and prepared food for daily service.
- Helped organize employee schedules and generally maintain order around the restaurant.
- Diced approximately 8 billion tomatoes.

---

**Counselor + Medic** → Stone Mountain Adventures (06/2011 - 08/2011)

- Taught music workshops and sailing classes for campers.
- Led sessions with fellow counselors to demonstrate basic first aid techniques increasing the staff’s ability to manage minor medical traumas and boosting confidence levels.

---

**EMT** → Harrisonburg Rescue Squad (02/2010 - 03/2011)

- Rendered care to patients in distress as a crew member on the ambulance.
- Delivered informative and concise reports on patient conditions and treatments extended when handing patients off to hospital staff.

## Education

James Madison University → BA English
